-----------------------------------------------------
-- CODING GUIDELINES for the PolyORB-HI Middleware --
-----------------------------------------------------

--  $Id: CODING_GUIDELINES 5319 2007-09-21 13:44:23Z zalila $

The Ada 95 Quality & Style Guide and the GNAT coding style have to be
respected. The GNAT coding style is available at:

 - http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gnat-style/

Each file should start with the standard PolyORB-HI copyright header,
then a blank line, then a comment that documents its purpose, followed
by a blank line. The PolyORB-HI copyright header might be adapted for
copyrighted specs or code from third party.

If a package body needs to explicitly execute some code for its
initialization, this MUST NOT be done in the elaboration code.
Instead, a parameterless procedure Initialize must be declared
containing the necessary initialization code, and this procedure
should be called by the corresponding module initialization routine.

The code shall not produce warnings when compiled with -gnatwa -gnaty.
Any use of pragma Warnings (Off) shall be documented by a comment.

Usage of Ada 2005 features is allowed provided that all the Ada
compilers listed in the PolyORB-HI documentation can still compile it.

Copyright headers should be up to date whenever necessary, using the
script /support/update_headers.sh:

- Copyright date information is either 
  - x where x is year of code's creation,
  - y - z where y is year of code's creation and z is year of last
    modification, if y /= z.

By code's creation, we mean the date the code was first created and
checked in in PolyORB-HI repository. If packages are renamed, merged,
copyright years must remain consistent with package content.

Always update the any makefile.am when the source tree is
modified. This must be performed using the tools/get_sources.sh. The
tools/get_sources.sh has to be executed in the directory containing
the Makefile.am corresponding to the modified sources. The script
edits the Makefile.am file accordingly. NEVER EDIT THE MAKEFILE.AM BY
HAND TO ADD OR REMOVE ADA SOURCE FILES. Keep always in mind that some
special files (README, AUTHORS...) have not to be added explicitly to
the 'EXTRA_DIST' variable in Makefile.am in order for them to be
packaged.

Always update (or create if necessary) README file for each example.

Any modification to NEWS must be propagated to the PolyORB-HI User's
guide to ensure consistency.

Any commented code is prohibited unless a reasonable comment message
justifies its presence.

Before any commit, check that 'make distcheck' runs successfully. Make
distcheck verifies:

 - all the examples compile successfully.
 - the source package installs and uninstalls correctly and is
   self-contained.
